Add comments to review (#88)
SigmaHQ/sigma-specification: Sigma_specification.md

```

## Rx YAML

> /// Move it to a file ? ///

Reviewer: Agree!

Author: Now need to check the file 😄

## Rx YAML

> You schema is defined in [sigma-schema.rx.yml](sigma-schema.rx.yml)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The schema is defined in [sigma-schema.rx.yml](sigma-schema.rx.yml)
```

## Rx YAML

> You can use the [file](sigma-schema.rx.yml)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You schema is defined in [sigma-schema.rx.yml](sigma-schema.rx.yml)
```

id: 929a690e-bef0-4204-a928-ef5e620d6fcc
```

/// 
it's confusing , so think somethink like:
It is better to write a rule with a new id for the following reasons:

> ///

Author: I can think of 2 possible sentence :
A/ It is required to write a rule with a new identifier for the following reasons:
B/ You must write a rule with a new identifier for the following reasons:

References to the source that the rule was derived from. These could be blog articles, technical papers, presentations or even tweets.

## Date (optional)
/// I think of something like
date:
    creation: YYYY/MM/DD
    modified: YYYY/MM/DD

> ///

Author: My idea was more to gather temporal information in a single `date` field.
```yaml
date:
    creation: YYYY-MM-DD
    modified: YYYY-MM-DD
```
But I think there's been a discussion since then and it hasn't been a consensus.

> ///

Reviewer 2: I dislike the structure for two reasons:
- you have an additional line --> worse oversight of the whole file
- if you don't have a modified date it looks like:
```
date:
    creation: 2023-06-16
```
